January 1: I started learning Guitar.

January 5: My guitar string broke.

January 8: I practiced chords for an hour and finally switched between G and C without fumbling.

January 12: I watched a tutorial on fingerpicking and tried it on an old melody.

January 18: I met a neighbor who used to play in a college band and gave me tips.

January 22: I bought a set of extra guitar strings and a capo.

February 1: I learned my first full song — a simple three-chord tune.

February 5: I recorded a shaky video of my playing and sent it to a friend.

February 10: I bought a new blue guitar.

February 14: I played a short piece for my family; they applauded (loudly).

February 20: I started keeping a practice log to track progress.

March 3: I learned about tuning by ear and practiced matching notes.

March 9: I discovered a local open mic and signed up to play a 2-minute song.

March 15: My right-hand technique improved after daily practice.

April 2: I replaced the bridge pin and learned a bit of basic maintenance.

April 12: I strummed through a song without looking at my fingers for the first time.

April 25: I attended a small workshop and tried playing with a metronome.

May 4: I attempted a fingerstyle arrangement and it sounded messy but promising.

May 21: I collaborated with a pianist online for a cover song.

June 1: I bought a new strap and an effects tuner pedal out of curiosity.

June 17: I learned a bar chord that had been giving me trouble for weeks.

July 6: I tuned my guitar to an alternate tuning and explored new sounds.

July 20: I played a short set at the neighborhood coffee shop; it felt exhilarating.

August 3: I started writing my own melody and noted it down in a notebook.

August 30: I recorded a clean take of one of my originals and felt proud.

September 14: I helped a friend restring their guitar and taught them a basic chord.

October 2: I learned to read simple tablature and it unlocked lots of new songs.

November 11: I surprised myself by improvising a little solo during a jam session.

December 5: I reflected on the year and set a goal to learn music theory next year.

